# Differentially_Private_Wireless_Federated_Learning_With_Integrated_Sensing_and_Communication


### About : 
This is the reproduction of the paper  [Differentially Private Wireless Federated Learning With Integrated Sensing and Communication](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10948161?denied=). Here I am trying to understand the paper and trying to programme it for learning purpose only. The code of the reasearch paper is not provided in the papr. This paper is published in [IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=7693).

### Overview:
This paper develops a novel framework for differ- entially private (DP) wireless federated learning (FL) with inte- grated sensing and communication (ISAC). In this framework, which is referred to as DP-ISAC-FL, wireless devices sense data and upload the trained local models using ISAC technique. The local training can take place concurrently with sensing at each device. We analyze the convergence upper bound of DP-ISAC- FL and rigorously capture the impact of device selection (for model training), time allocation between sensing/training and model uploading for the selected devices, and the allocations of channels, modulations, and transmit powers. We also develop an algorithm that enforces the convergence of DP-ISAC-FL by minimizing the convergence upper bound in an OFDMA system with discrete modulations. The beamforming for sensing, device selection, and the allocations of time, subchannels, modulations, and transmit powers are jointly optimized using successive convex approximation (SCA), adapting to the channels and computing capabilities of the devices. Experiments on multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) and convolutional neural networks (CNNs) show that DP-ISAC-FL with optimal allocations can significantly improve the learning convergence and accuracy under different privacy levels, e.g., by 7% and 18%, compared with its benchmarks. This is attributed to 68% more sensing data that DP-ISAC-FL can admit for model training. Index Terms—Federated learning, differential privacy, inte- grated sensing and communication, resource allocation.
